fix: tracker new vs deprecated docs links (#1171)
dhis2/dhis2-docs: src/developer/web-api/tracker-old.md

>
>* If you plan to use the tracker endpoints use the new version described in
>  [Tracker](https://docs.dhis2.org/en/develop/using-the-api/dhis-core-version-master/tracker.html)

> >* If you already use the deprecated tracker endpoints in production, please plan to migrate over to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>* If you are still using the deprecated tracker endpoints in production, please plan to migrate over to
```
